Split everything left out of the README (#1180)
oban-bg/oban: guides/job_uniqueness.md

    `:args`, `:queue`, `:worker`, and `:meta`. `:fields` defaults to `[:worker, :queue, :args]`.

  * `:keys` — A specific subset of the `:args` or `:meta` to consider when comparing against
    historic jobs. This allows a job with multiple key/value pairs in its arguments to be compared
    using only a subset of them.

  * `:states` — The job states that are checked for duplicates. The available states are
    described in `t:Oban.Job.unique_state/0`. By default, Oban checks all states except for `:discarded` and `:cancelled`, which prevents duplicates even if the previous job has been completed.

  * `:timestamp` — Which job timestamp to check the period against. The available timestamps are
    `:inserted_at` or `:scheduled_at`. Defaults to `:inserted_at` for legacy reasons.

The simplest form of uniqueness will configure uniqueness for as long as a matching job exists in
the database, regardless of state:

```elixir
use Oban.Worker, unique: true
```

Here's a more complex example which uses multiple criteria:

```elixir
use Oban.Worker,
  unique: [
    # Jobs should be unique for 2 minutes...

>     period: 120,

Author: Oooph, nice. Didn't know this was a thing.

## Replacing Values

In addition to detecting unique conflicts, passing options to `:replace` can update any job field
when there is a conflict. Any of the following fields can be replaced per *state*:

  * `:args`
  * `:max_attempts`
  * `:meta`
  * `:priority`
  * `:queue`
  * `:scheduled_at`
  * `:tags`
  * `:worker`

For example, to change the `:priority` and increase `:max_attempts` when there is a conflict with
a job in a `:scheduled` state:

```elixir
BusinessWorker.new(
  args,
  max_attempts: 5,
  priority: 0,
  replace: [scheduled: [:max_attempts, :priority]]
)
```

Another example is bumping the scheduled time on conflict. Either `:scheduled_at` or
`:schedule_in` values will work, but the replace option is always `:scheduled_at`.

```elixir
UrgentWorker.new(args, schedule_in: 1, replace: [scheduled: [:scheduled_at]])
```

> #### Jobs in the `:executing` State {: .error}
>
> If you use this feature to replace a field (such as `:args`) in the `:executing` state by doing
> something like
>
> ```elixir
> UniqueWorker.new(new_args, replace: [executing: [:args]])
> ```
>
> then Oban will update `:args`, but the job will continue executing with the original value.

> ## Strong Guarantees
> 
> Oban **guarantees** uniqueness of jobs through transactional locks and database queries.
> Uniqueness *does not* rely on unique constraints in the database. This makes uniqueness entirely
> configurable by application code, without the need for database migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unique Guarantees

Oban **strives** for uniqueness of jobs through transactional locks and database queries.
Uniqueness *does not* rely on unique constraints in the database, which leaves it prone to race
conditions in some circumstances.
```
